then the angel of the Lord came up from
Gilgal to Bochum and said I led you up
from Egypt and brought you to the land
of which I swore to your father's and I
said I will never break my covenant with
you and you shall make no covenant with
the inhabitants of this land you shall
tear down their altars but you have not
obeyed my voice why have you done this
therefore I also said I will not drive
them out before you they shall be thorns
in your side and their gods shall be a
snare to you so it was when the angel of
the Lord spoke these words to all the
children of Israel that the people
lifted up their voices and wept then
they called the name of that place Bouck
him and they sacrificed there to the
Lord and when Joshua had dismissed the
people the children of Israel went each
to his own inheritance to possess the
land so the people served the Lord all
the days of Joshua and all the days of
the elders who outlived Joshua who had
seen all the great works of the Lord
which he had done for Israel
now Joshua the son of nun the servant of
the Lord died when he was 110 years old
and they buried him within the border of
his inheritance at Timnath Healy's in
the mountains of Ephraim on the north
side of Mount gash when all that
generation had been gathered to their
fathers another generation arose after
them who did not know the Lord nor the
work which he had done for Israel then
the children of Israel did evil in the
sight of the Lord and served the bales
and they forsook the Lord God of their
fathers who had brought them out of the
land of Egypt and they followed other
gods from among the gods of the people
who were all around them and they bowed
down to them and they provoked the Lord
to anger they forsook the Lord and
served bail and the ashteroth and the
anger of the Lord was hot against Israel
so he delivered them into the hands of
plunderers who despoil them and he sold
them into the hands of their enemies all
around so that they could no longer
stand before their enemies wherever they
went out the hand of the Lord was
against them for calamity as the Lord
had said and as the Lord had sworn to
them
and they were greatly distressed
nevertheless the Lord raised up judges
who delivered them out of the hand of
those who plundered them yet they would
not listen to their judges but they
played the harlot with other gods and
bowed down to them they turned quickly
from the way in which their fathers
walked in obeying the commandments of
the Lord they did not do so and when the
Lord raised up judges for them the Lord
was with the judge and delivered them
out of the hand of their enemies all the
days of the judge for the Lord was moved
to pity by their groaning because of
those who oppressed them and harassed
them
and it came to pass when the judge was
dead but they reverted and behaved more
corruptly than their fathers by
following other gods to serve them and
bow down to them they did not cease from
their own doings nor from their stubborn
way been the anger of the Lord was hot
against Israel because this nation has
transgressed my covenant which I
commanded their fathers and has not
heeded my voice I also will no longer
drive out before them any of the nations
which Joshua left when he died so that
through them I may test
Israel whether they will keep the ways
of the Lord to walk in them as their
fathers kept them or not therefore the
Lord left those nations without driving
them out immediately nor did he deliver
them into the hand of Josh
you
[Music]